(HyunJin practicing a facial expression so hard!)
(Her natural born gag instinct that can't be hidden...)
HyunJin: What are you doing tomorrow evening?
(Of course her beauty isn't going anywhere!)
(And she doesn't forget to do a joke...)
(Nobody is hearing what she's talking, but she is doing her best for LOOΠΔ TV...)
(One more joke?)
HyunJin: There's nothing I can do more~~
(The time stole by like an arrow and It's AM 2:40)
(Let's go home!)
YeoJin: Hello, but it's time to go so I changed into the casual clothes~
YeoJin: Where am I going?
YeoJin: Our home~
(Olivia Hye's awkward smile...)
Olivia Hye: Oh... Are you really shooting me right now? In casual clothes?
YeoJin: Stop! Don't shoot her! Because she's wearing mismatched shoes!
(However YeoJin keep talking about it in front of the camera)
YeoJin: The mismatched shoes! She was like 'what?'
Olivia Hye: Look~
Olivia Hye: I was so busy in morning so I wore mismatched shoes~
(Although she wore mismatched shoes, the music video filming is done successfully)